feat: Add dynamic data badges views (#124)
MichaelCurrin/badge-generator: README.md

</div>

### Dynamic data

> Create a badge that references any value you want in a given remote JSON file and it will always stay up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a badge that references any value within a public data file (currently only JSON supported). It will always stay up to date.
```
